When we look at the skills required to
do your job, by 2030, they will change
by 70%. So, whether or not you're
looking to change your job, your job is
changing. In order to stay competitive,
you actually have to go back to some
first principles, go back to the drawing
board, and reimagine what it means to be
building.
>> You're experimenting with a very
different way of building product at
LinkedIn that fully embraces what AI
unlocks.
>> We call it the full-stack builder
[music] model. The goal itself is to
empower great builders to take their
idea and to take it to market,
regardless of their role in the stack
and which team they're on. It's really a
fluid interaction between human and
machine.
>> This feels like this could be a model
for how a lot of companies operate and
how product ends up being built in the
future.
>> Change management here is going to be a
critical part. It's not enough to give
them the tools. You have to build
incentive programs, the motivation, the
examples to how you do it. I see a lot
of companies roll out their agents and
just expecting companies to adopt.
Doesn't work this way.
>> There's always been this question, is AI
going to just make people that are not
amazing more amazing, or is it going to
make amazing people even more amazing?
>> Top talent has this tendency of
continuously trying to get better at
their craft. The key trait that I'm
emphasizing for builders is
Today, my guest is Tomer Cohen,
long-time Chief Product Officer at
LinkedIn, who is piloting a new way of
building that I think will become a
model for how companies operate in the
future. It's called the full-stack
builder program, and essentially the
idea is to enable anyone, no matter
their function, to take products from
idea to launch. They've scrapped their
APM program and replaced it with an
associate full-stack builder program.
They've introduced a new career path
with the title full-stack builder that
anyone from any function can become. And
as you'll hear in the conversation,
they've built a bunch of internal tools
and agents [music] and processes to
basically build a human plus AI product
team that can move really fast, adjust
to change quickly, and do a lot more
with a lot less. If you're looking for
inspiration for how to rethink how your
team operates, and to lean into what AI
is unlocking for teams and companies,
this episode is for you. A huge thank
you to Shira Gessaroli for suggesting
topics for this conversation. If you
enjoy this podcast, don't forget to
subscribe and follow it in your favorite
podcasting app or YouTube. It helps
tremendously. And if you become an
annual subscriber of my newsletter, you
get a year free of a bunch of incredible
products, including a year free of
Deven, Lovable, Replit, Bolt, Linear,
Superhuman, Dscript, Gamma, Perplexity,
Warp, Granola, Magic Patterns, Raycast,
Chappier, Dmobin, and Stripe Atlas. Head
on over to lennysnewsletter.com and
click product pass. With that, I bring
you Tomer Cohen, after a short word from
our sponsors.
My podcast guest tonight loves talking
about craft and taste and agency and
product market fit. You know what we
don't love talking about? SOC 2. That's
where Vanta comes in. Vanta helps
companies of all sizes get compliant
fast and stay that way with
industry-leading AI, automation, and
continuous monitoring. Whether you're a
startup tackling your first SOC 2 or ISO
27001,
or an enterprise managing vendor risk,
Vanta's trust management platform makes
it quicker, easier, [music] and more
scalable. Vanta also helps you complete
security questionnaires up to five times
faster so that you can win bigger deals
sooner. The result, according to a
recent IDC study, Vanta customers
slashed over $500,000
a year and are three times more
productive. Establishing trust isn't
optional. Vanta makes it automatic. Get
$1,000 off at vanta.com/lenny.
This episode is brought to you by Figma,
makers of Figma make. When I was a PM at
Airbnb, I still remember when Figma came
out and how much it improved how we
operated as a team. Suddenly, I could
involve my whole team in the design
process, give feedback on design
concepts really quickly, [music] and it
just made the whole product development
process so much more fun. But Figma
never felt like it was for me. It was
great for giving feedback and designs,
but as a builder, I wanted to make
[music] stuff. That's why Figma built
Figma make. With just a few prompts, you
can make any idea or design [music] into
a fully functional prototype or app that
anyone can iterate on and validate with
customers. Figma make is a different
kind of live coding tool. Because it's
all in Figma, you can use your team's
existing design building blocks, making
it easy to create outputs that look good
and feel real and are connected [music]
to how your team builds. Stop spending
so much time telling people about your
product vision, and instead show it to
them. Make code-backed prototypes and
apps fast with Figma make. Check it out
at figma.com/lenny.
Tomer, thank you so much for being here,
and welcome to the podcast. Thanks. It's
great to be back. It's great to have you
back. I'm really excited to be chatting
because you're experimenting with a very
different way of building product at
LinkedIn that fully embraces what AI
unlocks, kind of leans into what is now
possible. And to me, this feels like
this could be a model for how a lot of
companies operate and how product ends
up being built in the future. There's a
lot of product leaders that are talking
about AI, what they can do. Feels like
you're actually doing this in a really,
really radical way. And so, I'm excited
to learn from you, to hear about this,
for listeners to understand what you're
seeing, what you've learned.
Let me start with just why did you
decide this was necessary? Why are you
rethinking all of these things about how
product has been built for a long time,
aka, why do people need to pay attention
to what we're about to be talking about?
It really starts with kind of the basics
for me.
Technology has always been about
empowerment. It's not about what it does
for us, it's about what it enables us to
do.
And now we have this amazing
opportunity, in my mind, to make it
about meritocracy. And I think it's an
opportunity, but it's also a necessity
right now. And I want to put this in
context where
we're entering this phase where the time
constant of change is far greater than
the time constant of response. This
basically means that change is happening
faster than we're able to respond to it.
Now, uh, you know, LinkedIn has this
unique view of of the world of work. So,
we actually have some pretty, in my
mind, mind-blowing stats to kind of put
this in perspective.
When we look at like the skills required
to do your job,
by 2030, which is literally 4 years from
now. Sounds a long time, but 30 years
from 4 years from now,
they will change by 70%.
So, whether or not you're looking to
change your job, your job is changing.
The only question is, do you keep it?
And then we look at organizationally,
this the the fastest-growing jobs right
now, the most in-demand jobs in the
market, are growing by north of 70% from
last year's
fastest-growing job. So, there's a new
kind of iteration of what you need as an
organization to thrive.
And then you apply that to building
products, and you realize that in order
to stay competitive, you actually have
to go back to some first principles,
go back to the drawing board, and
reimagine what it means to be building.
And what I love about this is, when you
think about the role of a builder, which
the builder is at the heart of company,
uh, the goal is actually quite simple.
Uh, the builder takes an idea and she
brings it to life. That's really the
process, right? And we all build those
uh, let's call them like best practices.
You research the problem really well,
you spec it out, you design it, you code
it, you launch it, and you iterate.
That's kind of that's basically it.
But what happens at at many at-scale
companies, LinkedIn included and many
other companies, over time, that process
became very complex very quickly. So,
what happened? We took every step and we
expanded it to a lot of sub-steps.
Researching
the problem became looking at, for us,
10 to 15 sources of information,
obviously talking to customers, but
doing data pulls, looking at feedback
tickets in multiple sources, social
media, uh, interactions with customers.
We probably have 10 to 15 sources of
information we go through before we kind
of feel like we have researched the
problem really, really well.
Think about reviews for product. There
is design reviews, privacy reviews,
security reviews. I can go on and on and
on. And each one of those sub-steps
actually has a valid reason to exist.
But when you add the whole thing
together, you're like, "Oh my god, this
is why
it takes to build a small feature
multiple teams, multiple code bases,
multiple sprints, just to get it out to
launch, and not talk about iterating,
which is actually where you see success.
You never see success in the launch
itself."
So, really, the work itself is not
complex, but the process we made very
complex.
And what I when I was digging in, I
found it doesn't end there. Because
somebody has to do all those sub-steps.
So, what happened is you actually move
from process complexity to
organizational complexity as well.
Uh, and then you actually led to
micro-specialization. All those
sub-steps are dying by doing by somebody
specific. So, from one builder, we have
multiple functions. Obviously, we have
engineering, product, and design. And
you can start questioning those lines.
At least I am internally. Uh, and from
there, we have a lot of my, you know,
sub-specialties. Uh, it happens in every
one of those functions. But imagine
design, we have interaction design,
animation design, content design,
research. There's so many aspects to
that. So, uh, it's they all they're all
valid, but they all have people and not
that entire process basically means a
lot of it's basically bloating, it's
complexity.
And then without noticing, you end up
with this massively complex. We actually
have this diagram that basically shows
the process complexity, organizational
complexity together.
And usually people are like mind-blown
because they're working on one one thing
very specific, but when you zoom out,
you have this, you know, uh,
overwhelming experience you're kind of,
uh, thinking about.
And now we have this real opportunity to
collapse the stack back up, go back to
craftsmanship, rethink the product
development life cycle, which is where
the full-stack builder model comes to
life.
Wow. Okay, there's so much here. Uh,
we're going to be showing the visuals as
you talk to help people see what you're
explaining here. And all of this is very
rational. Like if you have 15 sources of
information, you like why not
pull from it? Like why miss out on that
stuff? And what you're describing here
is as you get more power and more
special like it all makes sense
rationally, but when you start to step
back and look at this like holy
take 6 months to launch a launch one
feature. I want to ask you about the
stat you shared. I think this is an
incredibly powerful stat and you have
very uh uh unique data here to tell you
this sort of stuff. So, you said that
something like 70% of the skills that
people will need in the future uh are
going to change.
>> To do their current job. To do their
current job. And what is this looking
at? Is this just like based on
historical data or how do you how do you
find that? Yeah, to be fair, there was
always a change, right? So, it's it was
never about just, you know, just keep
the skills you have today. But we've
never seen such a tremendous part of uh
of you know of your world today.
So, you know, where do you are a
marketer right now or a seller, a
recruiter, an engineer, you know,
engineering is where a lot of the
investment is going in right now
uh in terms of agents, uh those those
jobs will change dramatically.
Uh you know, I remember I said my my
role my my life as an engineer and you
know, even then it changed materially
after 10 years and then the change we're
seeing right now just think about in 4
years what did it take to actually
engineer really really well would be
dramatically different or to build
software, to build an artifact of some
sort. But it's true for almost every
function. It's not equal.
You know, some job like nurses will see
less impact.
But some jobs will see 90-95% impact.
There's also a stat that I don't think
you mentioned here that I saw in the
post when you first talked about this
program is that 70% of today's fastest
growing jobs were not even on the list
of jobs a year ago.
Yeah, it was a it was No, so the 70
Yeah, so this is the fastest growing job
on the list were not there a year ago
and then uh many of them don't even
exist uh you know, a decade or two ago.
There's actually some pretty amazing
stats across the board. Okay, so let's
talk about the uh this program that you
built. Uh tell us the name and then tell
us the the kind of the gist of what it
is today and the vision of where you
want it to be. Yeah, so we uh call it
the full-stack builder model and the the
goal uh always start with the goal. The
goal itself is to empower great builders
to take their idea and to take it to
market regardless of their role in the
stack and you know, specifically which
team they're on.
And uh the kind of the
the idea ultimately is to be able for
that builder is to develop experiences
end-to-end
to combine skills and expertise of what
across what was traditionally distinct
domains to bring it all together. And
it's not a sequence of steps. It's
really a fluid interaction between human
and machine. That's how the way I see
it.
And then when you look back at that
product development life cycle from, you
know, the the idea, the insight all the
way to launch
the key trait that I'm emphasizing for
for builders is where I want them to
spend their time is where I think great
builders should shine in. So, the idea
of vision
coming up with a compelling stance about
the future uh empathy super critical,
right? Having a profound understanding
of an unmet need
communication is critical. I we see this
a lot in job descriptions right now for
almost every role, but the ability for
you to align and rally others others
around an idea
creativity which for me is about coming
up with possibilities beyond the
obvious.
For example, I don't think AI yet is
great at creativity. I think it's kind
of in many ways brings back the things
you might not know about, but but it's
not the kind of next level creativity
which I think still humans are are much
better at. And then uh ultimately what I
think is the most important trait for a
builder is judgment. That's, you know,
some people call it test making but it's
making high quality decisions in what is
complex, ambiguous situations.
Everything else I'm working really hard
to automate.
Really really hard. And then when you
think about the outcome, it's not just
about you having more shots at the goal,
which I think you'll go go go like that
oh, the iteration speed is going to be
very high. Yes. But what you're really
doing to an organization, you know, the
scale of a at scale organizations is
you're they're a lot more nimble, a lot
more adaptive, a lot more resilient.
They can navigate the future. They can
actually match the pace of change to the
pace of response.
And the analogy I have in mind is kind
of Navy SEALs, you know, you come to
training
you they're all kind of learning they're
cross-trained across multiple areas
what they specialize in is the mission.
Uh and they operate in small pods and
they're very nimble and you can assemble
them very quickly and I think that's
going to be the organization that will
win in the future.
Okay, so the kind of the simple idea if
you're just a boil it down to a
sentence, the idea here is there's a
builder who goes through the entire
product development process essentially
on their own. They have an idea, they
research, they do data, they prototype,
design, ship. That's kind of like the
vision of where this goes. Yes, but it
doesn't have to be on their own. It's
not like it's not I still believe in
teams. Got it. Smaller teams. Smaller
teams and much more focused on the
problem, the mission per se versus
actually one of the things we've done as
an example, we kind of uh started to do
the idea of pods
where no longer large teams. We assemble
a team
ideally a full-stack builder is coming
together
and you know, it's less about can I have
an engineer, design, PM working together
and trying to combine this trio, looking
to folks who can flex across and then
they tackle something for a quarter or
so and then we kind of reassemble those
to different pods. That's like one
example of a manifestation we're doing
right now and seeing actually some great
success in both in terms of velocity,
but also in terms of that focus and
nimbleness of that team. And it feels
like the goal here what you're trying to
adjust and that broke as
teams bloated is speed and adaptability
and flexibility because going back to
your original uh point that uh
change is happening so much more quickly
now that companies that have been
building in this traditional way just
can't compete. Yeah, it's not that you
have to break the model. I think the
model is broken. It's just this uh pace
of change is is helping us realize it.
Okay, so then going back to the things
that these builders still do versus what
you want to automate. So, the list you
shared is uh they're responsible for the
vision
empathy, communication, creativity, and
judgment.
>> Yes. Yeah, and I would put a lot of the
focus on the latter. I think the kind of
if you ask me at the end of the day
what's the kind of most important trait
I would say it's that judgment test
making ability. And then in terms of
what you're automating, what are some of
the areas you've seen a lot of success
in actually automating and where do you
think this goes? Yeah.
So, I think just to kind of break it to
pieces uh and I think this is, you know,
if you were a startup right now, you
know, in many ways you can start this
way, right? You can
uh there's no legacy code, there's no
legacy structure you run in. In fact, a
lot of the startups I talk to
uh that are built AI natively, they're
they don't they're are just working at
full-stack builders. Uh that's the way
they start.
If you're at a company at the scale uh
of of ours and and many others in the
market in in the market, you're like
this is the most like a new production
function and mindset
uh that that you have to do and there's
really three components that we're
working on. One is platform, the second
one is the tools and the agents
and lastly is the culture.
The platform one
this is the kind of level of investment
you have to do before
to before this actually starts to you
start to see all the benefits come
accrue.
But the platform for us as an example is
re-architecting all of our core platform
so AI can reason over it. So, we're
building kind of this uh composable UI
components
uh with server side that we actually
build. We're basically building for AI
to be ready to bring it in. So, you
can't just go and bring a third-party
tool and have it work on the LinkedIn
stack. In fact, that's one of our
biggest learnings, it never works. Never
works.
You have to bring it in and customize a
lot of it working almost
in alpha mode with those companies to
make it work internally. So, this is
essentially re-architecting your code
base to work more efficiently with AI.
Is that one way to think about it?
>> Yes, and in many ways working with those
companies to uh adjust something in
their stack to work with our stack as
well. When you say those companies
meaning like the development agents like
Cursors and Devins and such? Yes, and
like or Figma on design. We can figure
out the design system is another is
another example of that. But you have to
have that back and forth because they're
not
in many ways we haven't seen anybody be
able to work off the shelf immediately
on our on our code base design systems
and unique
context we have. Just to follow that
thread briefly, what are So, there's
Figma, that's interesting. So, basically
the way Figma exports and keeps your
design system that has to change to work
better with AI. Is that what I'm They
first need to know how to work with our
design systems, which is something
there's there you know, many ways a lot
of those companies are working on. Same
with coding. You need you can't you
it doesn't work that you just bring it
in and it just reasons over your code
base
uh really but we tried. You have to
build we're building that layer that
basically allows it to do so, whether
it's Copilot or Cursor, Windsurf and so
on. Got it.
Okay. Oh, yeah, Copilot, Microsoft. I
get it. I get it. Okay. Uh okay, so
so that's the platform. So, that's an
investment that you guys have to make to
make AI effective at at building and and
doing all these things.
>> you have tools. So, tools is where you
you really build the agents. I mentioned
I want to automate everything outside of
those five traits that we talked about
and then we're building the tools for
that. And then
for that actually very similarly, I
can't just bring a tool from the outside
and work. So, I'll give you an example.
We're building one of our biggest things
is building a trust agent.
Uh we you know, trust is very important
for us at LinkedIn.
Uh there's a lot of unique
vectors which trust plays at LinkedIn uh
doesn't place at any anywhere else. So,
we need to bring all of that know-how
and context and
information base into that agent. So, we
ended up building our own trust agent at
LinkedIn. And so, what is this trust
agent doing? Telling you when you're
maybe exposing information that you
shouldn't
>> So, when you build a spec, you build an
idea, you walk through the trust agent
and it will basically tell you how, you
know, what are your vulnerabilities,
what, you know, harm vectors potentially
you're introducing or will be introduced
as a result of that. And I had our head
of trust build it. So,
the the head of craft for every area is
building their own agent. As an example,
we we took, you know, we have one of our
features for job seekers is called open
to work. If you're looking for a job,
you can put an open to work. Yeah,
little green like thing on the circle.
And actually, it's a great signal. I've
seen some great success from it. People
are helping each other. The community
really thrives around
helping each other. But at the same
time, it introduces a trust vector for
bad actors because they're
you know, open to work. People who are
looking for a job are potentially more
vulnerable
to scams than other folks.
So, being able to think about how do we
prevent all of those ahead of time. So,
we run we walked that spec from a couple
of years ago through the trust agent.
Not only was it able to find all the
stuff we initiated at the beginning, but
all the holes that we did not catch
until later.
So, that's a great example of something
that actually worked really well. That's
one. The other one is a growth agent as
an example. Again, LinkedIn has a very
unique,
actually one of our we have an
incredible growth team, growth process.
We've kind of funneled all of our unique
loops, our funnels, our tests of the
past, everything into this growth agent.
And now you can basically rock
your spec for it, your idea for it, and
it will not just allow you to
do it better. It will actually critique
how good is your idea.
This is something you cannot bring off
the shelf. It's very unique to LinkedIn.
So, we had to invest dramatically in it.
And, you know, one team which is using
it right now, which is almost,
you know, wasn't, uh,
wasn't thinking about it at the
beginning, but our UX our team, our our
UXR team, like the user research team,
is using that growth agent to understand
out of all the things they're basically
surfacing for members, which one has the
biggest
growth opportunity to have the biggest
impact.
That was not in the cards when we
thought about that idea. But teams are
basically finding like funneling those
ideas into this one.
An example is our research agent. So,
research agent basically is trained on
the personas of our members.
You can think about like a small
business owner, a job seeker, and so on.
And it's using not just world knowledge,
it's using all the research we've done
in the past, all the support tickets
coming in. So, it's it's pretty good at
understanding that persona at LinkedIn.
So, one example we had is a team came
out with a spec
where they weren't aware we had a
research agent yet. I asked the research
agent, you know, for a small business
owner,
what do you think about the marketing
spec we had?
And it critiqued it extremely well.
Actually, in many ways shifted the
direction of the team to focus on other
integrations tools we can focus on.
But, you know, it's very hard to have
that visibility all to all that corpus
of knowledge inside of the company.
That's another example. We have an
analyst agent trained on all like how
you basically can query the entire
LinkedIn graph, which is enormous,
instead of, you know, relying on your
SQL queries or data science teams, you
can use the analyst agent. All of those
I would say are I would call them still
MVP plus plus.
The goal for us in the next couple of
months to basically roll them out
externally.
Externally, I mean internally at
LinkedIn. Okay, now that's new product
lines. So, okay, so many questions. One
is just how are you building this? Like
is there a platform you're using? What
does it take to build an agent at
LinkedIn? Is it all internal tools? Is
there third party you use? It's a good
call. So, I think we've we've been
experimenting with a lot of tools. And I
would say a lot for a lot of those kind
of knowledge corpus agents, we're using
everything from Copilot Enterprise to
ChatGPT Enterprise. By far though, the
most important part was basically our
own customization of it. That's been the
where we saw the biggest gain.
You know, even like building the
orchestrator across those because you
don't want to use you want the agents to
start falling through each other. The
trust agent should kind of work with the
growth agent and
do a back and forth versus doing what
more sequentially.
So, we've done a lot of work internally
to make it happen. This is why I think
it does require that level of
investment.
And then in some cases, you know, let's
talk about, you know, the design agent
that we're working with. We're working
with multiple companies to try and
understand which which product works
best for us.
And interestingly enough, um,
and this is another learning, different
teams gravitate to different products.
So, that's like something we'll have to
resolve and think about how we do this
really well because ultimately we were
trying to kind of simplify the process
as much as possible, but that's like a
that was a big learning for us in how
which tools we use and how we basically
integrate them in. Got it. So, like you
might have an amazing Figma agent, but
some teams want to use a different
design tool. Yeah, so like, you know,
we've kind of experimented with Figma
and Subframe and Magic Patterns and so
on, and we saw people gravitating
depending on the function, their level
of visibility, their
their know-how of the tool before,
they're gravitating to different tools.
And, you know, ultimately, I don't want
to have
design agents in the company. So, we
have to like, you know, converge into at
least a few.
And I think it's similar across many
areas because the appeal of those a lot
of those agents are trying to solve
similar end goal, but they're doing it
very differently.
And what you'll see that ultimately, I
don't think there's going to be a winner
takes all because the starting point of,
you know, the customer or the user
will dictate a lot how simple they are
for that use case. Super interesting.
The other interesting takeaway here is
you're designing very specific agents
that are
one job to be done. Is that a very
intentional decision? Did you try an
agent that just is super intelligent on
all these things? We're ultimately going
to do an orchestrator. We're going to do
the orchestrator across, but we did want
to be able to
rate and grade those agents pretty well
on how they're doing. And I think there
is a level of expertise. Now,
we're kind of building this as in a way
where you'll be able we'll be able to
mask a lot of those. You might not know
that there's a trust agent. You know,
you might have we call
we call this internally the product
jammer agent that basically does your
product jam, which is a process we do
internally. You might just use the
product jam engine, and that product jam
engine will work with all the other
agents.
But now we're starting with that
building blocks until we build our
orchestrating layer across. Another
interesting takeaway from what you've
been sharing is that so much of the work
has gone into the beginning of the
product development process, just like
helping you craft the right
requirements, clarify trust, and then
here's product jam, and here's research
we've done.
And I imagine it's because coding has
already been accelerated with all these
ID tools. Talk about just like why
that's maybe where most of the
investment's gone and where you've seen
the most impact so far. 100% our coding
investment has gone started, you know, a
while back, and and those are falling
into place. We have our coding agent. In
fact, I would kind of stage it into two
parts of it. There is the idea to design
part,
and then there's the, you know, let's
call it the code to launch part. The
code to launch part has gotten a lot of
attention, and we're making some big
inroads there. Everything from the
coding agent to what we call the
maintenance agent. When you have, you
know, a failed build,
it will do it for you. In fact, I think
we're close to 50% of all those builds
being done by the maintenance agent and
a QA agent. Wow. This is when a break
builds instead of engineers hopping on
the issues and stuff.
>> still go and finish your coffee before
you have to go and and redo the build
again. Extremely cool.
But we haven't had much investment until
we kind of launched this program in the
idea to design area.
And that's a material part of work. It's
also where the quality a lot of the work
comes from in at least in before you
start to go into the coding phase.
The idea is to empower everybody. So, if
you're an engineer, you can basically
use all those tools at the front of the
process
and be able to be a full stack builder.
How long did it take to get this kind of
in place for you to actually form your
first team to build these you know,
initial agents and some of this back
and, you know, redo the code base sort
of thing? I announced this internally,
you know, end of last year we really
kind of started working, but it was more
setting up the teams and the and the
processes internally. We had our first
MVPs of those agents
I think like four to five months after
it was like really trained, I would say.
But really the work itself has been kind
of couple of months of dedicated work. A
lot of it has been getting all the
corpus of data together, cleaning it up.
That's actually a good learning as well.
Like it's not great to just give it
access to your drive and say reason all
over this knowledge base. It actually
does
a very poor job understanding
importance of the past and putting
weights on stuff. You actually want to
think about specifically what the
context when you want to give it to and
what's the knowledge base
that you want to have it focus on. So,
even cleaning up
let's call them gold examples or golden
examples to learn from has been one of
the biggest learnings. Just reasoning
over your entire
knowledge base does not work. Yeah, that
makes sense. There may be just like a
researcher with a strong opinion about
something that you disagree with, and
that's and it would know. It's like,
"Oh, of course, this is data. This is
fact." Exactly. And then it doesn't
always understand like, you know, ties
to original specs to success. Like you
have to actually build This is a really
interesting
way when you think about how you bring
those tools in, you can't just bring
them in. You have to know what you feed
them with.
And what you feed them with is not just
access. I see a lot of people who just
focus on the connectivity and
integration.
And it reminds me of the, you know, this
is almost like this is actually more
than 10 years ago when
I was, you know, co-rebuilding the team,
co-rebuilding the feed at LinkedIn,
and we started from scratch, and we I
had to like literally sit down and
filter through examples of what is a
good
professional post on LinkedIn and what
is not.
And that was I'm not this was like weeks
of work getting up with that golden
sample
of examples, but the first and most
important part was fitting in the right
data, not all the data.
So, it's it requires work. It This is
where I would say like for many
companies who are thinking about this
phase and I do a lot of sessions today
with CPOs and CEOs on this process, you
have to put this initial work
to get the gains after. And when I think
about it, I think this is a I think
there's a takeaway there and generally
with AI
uh even if you're learning it for the
first time and so on, whether it's
cursor or whether it's design or it's
Figma or other tools or lovable
you should be ready to invest those
hours before you start seeing yourself
pick up in velocity and quality
which will come up, but you have to
invest that time.
This episode is brought to you by Miro.
Every day new headlines are scaring us
about all the ways that AI is coming for
our jobs, creating a lot of anxiety and
fear. But a recent survey from Miro
tells a different story. 76% of people
believe that AI can benefit their role,
but over 50% of people struggle to know
when to use it. Enter Miro's innovation
workspace, an intelligent platform that
brings people and AI together in a
shared space to get great work done.
Miro has been empowering teams to
transform bold ideas into the next big
thing for over a decade. Today, they're
at the forefront of bringing products to
market even faster by unleashing the
combined power of AI [music] and human
potential. Guests of this podcast share
Miro templates. I use it all the time to
brainstorm ideas with my team. Teams
especially can work with Miro AI to turn
unstructured [music]
data like sticky notes or screenshots
into usable diagrams, product briefs,
data tables, and prototypes in minutes.
You don't have to be an AI [music]
master or to toggle yet another tool.
The work you're already doing in Miro's
canvas is the prompt. Help your teams
get great work done with Miro. Check it
out at miro.com/lenny.
That's miro.com/lenny.
What's the current state of the pilot?
How large is it? How many teams are
doing it? What kind of stuff have you
shipped? Just give us a sense of today's
world. Yeah, so we are
I wouldn't say we are yet at a very high
sample rate where it's kind of a high
percentage of the organization, but we
have a substantial part of the
organization already using it to provide
a lot of the feedback.
We're seeing a lot of great examples.
So, the way I think about the benefits
is
a function of experimentation volume
multiplied by quality. How How good are
those experiment experiments divided by
the time it takes to actually
pull them out. Like idea to launch.
Uh so, on saving times, we're seeing
whether it's PMs, designers, engineers
uh saving hours of work a week right
now.
Whether it's the analyst agent we talked
about or the prototyping really quickly
or the product jamming experience has
been a big part of that.
On the quality side, we're seeing
insights, discussions just be much much
better.
And by the way, quality and time
sometimes they help each other because
it's high quality you don't have to
spend as much as much time on something.
So, we're seeing that applied in and the
volume you know, I wouldn't say we are
at a rate where I'm seeing uh a high
percentage of the organization doing it
yet, but this will come once we We
haven't GA'd this internally.
But it will come in the next couple of
of months once we have all the the stuff
in place.
But we're seeing designers and PMs uh
picking up bugs directly from the you
know, from the from the Jira tickets.
Mhm, pushing them in, something we
haven't seen before. And there's just an
appetite for everybody who just joined.
So, in fact, the biggest thing right now
is
uh everybody wants access. Everybody
wants access to the tools to
to be able to do it together and we just
want to make sure it's good enough to
make sure the whole organization can do
it really well. So, how is it that
you're piloting it? Is it there's a some
number of people have access to these
agents and they just work the way
they've worked with access to these
tools? Or is there like a team dedicated
this is the way you work now and this is
it and we'll see what happens. So, it's
a recall. So, basically we have a a team
building, that's the core team building
kind of the FSB track across all of R&D.
FSB full stack builder.
And then there are pockets and pods of
teams using it. So, basically we are
looking at specific areas that we're
basically giving it to
uh the condition there is they give
feedback uh as a response for that they
make the tool better. So, this is not
just access. We want people who will use
it. So, one of your early adopters would
be the ones who helped you ship the
product really
So, we're doing this in a pod model
right now. So, it's like a pod within a
larger team like like a designer, PM,
engineer kind of group within a Is there
an example you can give like a part of
LinkedIn that's trying this out? Yeah,
so you know, if I think about some of
our teams, whether it's
actually we just launched semantic
people search and semantic job search as
well. That team was using part of those
tools to actually help build it. So,
that team were actually this was PMs
building their own dashboards
with those tools without waiting for
design resources to come in.
Then we have a design team who is now
already you know, this started really
from the manager kind of rolling this
out. And in many ways, what I tell this
team is don't wait for the official GA
you know, start start doing it. Start
kind of leaning in.
Uh we're seeing designers on our team uh
starting to push kind of PRs which never
happened before.
And now other teams that want to do this
as well. So, it's it's starting with
this kind of uh grassroots
experience. There is I would say there
is the the places I've been very formal
I would say at the beginning has been
the top.
The product executive teams basically we
moved from functional leaders, design,
PM, BD, and so on to
product areas leaders and they basically
work across the stack.
And they also go for 360 with all of
those functions to see if they're
if they're really able to do a full
stack building experience.
Then we're also launching at kind of
like the junior side a new program
called the associate product builder
program
where we basically we used to have our
APM program which this is about it's
ending this year.
Uh and then starting January, we're
going to start having our APB program.
And they're going to come into LinkedIn,
we're going to teach them how to code,
design, and PM at LinkedIn.
Uh they're going to go through a pretty
um
rigorous training process and then
they're going to join those pods.
And gradually we're going to grow that
program to be uh a material part of
LinkedIn as well.
Wow. So, this might be the future of the
APM program is this full stack builder
APM-ish program.
>> In many ways, we're taking We've built
some pretty amazing I'm really excited
for that group. I wish I could join it.
Uh um but
we build amazing training for them. And
in many ways, we're going to use that
training to think about how we roll it
across the organization. We're kind of
using the lens of
you know, you you have great technical
skills, but you're not you know, an
engineer at a company yet or you have
great design taste, but you haven't
designed at scale in company yet. And
we're going to teach you how to do it at
LinkedIn.
Uh but the training we're going to use a
lot to kind of extend across the company
as well. Okay, so you have these
programs, these pilots, and these pods.
And you said what you're looking at to
see if this is something you roll out is
experiment velocity times quality times
time. Divided by time. Divided by time.
Okay.
Got it. And I guess I know it's early,
but just you said it's you're seeing
that it's saving teams a few hours a
week at this point, something like that.
>> Yeah, and I think the feedback has been
the most important part, right? When you
kind of the way to think about this is
just like you build a product. So, we're
building this product internally.
And you want to experiment with some
kind of early adopters who will give you
feedback. And the feedback has been
amazing. In fact,
mhm [clears throat] some our top talent
are the ones who are using this the most
at LinkedIn.
Uh and the feedback from them has been
incredible in terms cuz they're they're
also willing to spend the time and and
give the the the the feedback as well.
And
uh the response from them has been
incredible in terms of like the quality
of their output, the time they're
spending on this to get the the value
back.
Their desire to kind of be part of this
and actually scale this and make this
even better.
So, that's where I you know, a lot of
the excitement has been from how they're
using it and the quality we've seen
there.
I would say in 6 months or so, we'll be
able to see a lot more of the
organization use it and you'll start
seeing kind of those top line numbers
will be as well. That is a really
interesting insight that the top
performers are finding the most success
cuz there's always been this question,
is AI going to just make people that are
not amazing more amazing or is it going
to make amazing people even more
amazing? And it sounds like it's likely
the latter. Yes, and it's uh it's it's
in many ways it's surprising, it's not
surprising. I've seen this also when we
were um
It's surprising because you would you
want everybody else to be part of this
and lean in. Uh I think top talent has
this tendency of continuously trying to
get better at their craft and
this innate need to be at the cutting
edge of how you build. And I think we're
seeing this here as well.
This is why you know, I've I've I've had
this phrase I say with the team that
you know, if you if we build all those
tools, will they use it?
And I know right now the answer is no.
It's not enough to give them the tools
to use it. You have to build incentives
programs
uh the motivation, the examples to how
you do it. They need to see other people
being successful as well.
Uh and I've seen this also when we were
shifting LinkedIn from a desktop company
to a mobile company
it was a very similar process. It's very
hard change management here is going to
be a critical part. I think
I see a lot of companies roll out their
agents and just expecting companies to
adopt.
It doesn't work this way. Some will
adopt, that tends to be kind of your
cutting edge 5%
of talent that just wants new tools and
they have a bias for change.
But the vast majority needs to work for
change management in how they do it. And
that requires being a lot more
thoughtful about the cultural aspect of
it, which is by far for me the biggest
and most important thing to do. Yeah, I
want to spend time there. And it's very
like it makes a lot of sense why people
don't spend time here because they have
so much to do. They got to ship things.
They got Their days are already busy.
You have to now carve out time to learn
this new tool that will not pay off for
a while. So, I get why people are like,
"Okay, okay, I'll get there. I'll I'll
use it someday."
But, you know, they don't. Uh this idea
of culture This is when I saw you kind
of share this initially, this is the
third piece of making this successful.
So, there's like the platform of getting
the code base ready for people for AI to
work with. Then there's the the tool,
like the agents you've talked about, and
then there's the culture. Is there more
there that you can share of just like
what has actually worked in helping get
people on board? One thing I heard is
like creating a little bit of FOMO of
like, "Okay, only a few people can use
this." And
you have to sign up to to get it access.
What's working getting people to get on
board? Yeah. Uh I I think this is where
I emphasize to people that uh getting
everything done, the platforms, the
tools,
is not going to be sufficient. It's a
prerequisite for it is to work, but not
sufficient for this to work.
Because it really requires you to invest
a lot in the cultural aspects of how do
you get people to lean into this one?
And
this one might feel slow at first, but
I've seen this before with our
transformational thinking from desktop
to mobile.
And and once it picks up, it actually
maintains very high velocity.
One, you know, people are really
incentivized by how you define
expectations for them.
So, to think about what is the
expectation of somebody in the role.
So, you're changing performance review
sort of things.
>> Very much so. So, everything from how
you hire
to, you know, calibration
and evaluation.
And one thing I want to see there early
is this kind of AI agency influencing.
Like I mentioned, the tools are there.
The question is, would you use them?
Cuz the tools will be good enough, but
not great at the beginning, right?
That's the classic thing of every good
MVP tool. They're good enough, but
they're not great.
And then you kind of want to build that
agency to make the tool better. Like
we're in this kind of notion of we're
going to make this better for LinkedIn
together.
Two is piloting success inside of the
organization. That's the pod model where
you're showing that, you know, not only
this can work, it's actually having
success. So, we have
even our partnerships team, our beauty
team,
being able to kind of go instead of like
relying on waiting for an engineer to
help build the developer portal
and build kind of the connectors there.
Literally, they the you know, one of our
head of partnership just went and did it
himself.
Didn't even delegate to his team. And
the goal is to say like, "Hey, I can do
it. You can do it as well."
Those examples are really, really
powerful.
I talked about the
associate product builder program where
we are going to be very focused on
training. I think that will send a
really strong message across the
organization. People will see this
talent and what they can do. And I think
that will create uh that movement. But,
celebrating wins in all hands,
highlighting people, and showing those
examples.
You know, one example we've seen
recently, people really looked at it in
a surprise lens, but then it kind of I
think it really opened up a lens for
them.
We had somebody in our user research
team.
Uh and we had an opening for a PM on the
growth team.
And and we kind of that role was open
for a while.
And she said, "I feel I can do it."
And she used all those tools. This is a
user researcher becoming a growth PM,
not usually the
career path you see.
But, she was excited about the area. She
used all those tools.
And she's now a growth PM on the team.
So, and
and really you can start thinking about
her more as a full stack builder
ultimately.
But, seeing those openings
uh and then highlighting those to people
actually people are doing this has been
a great example of it.
And then just making sure that those
tools are accessible, people can provide
feedback, you share a lot
uh has been incredible part of this.
It's not enough to be top-down directive
that this is how we want to work.
People want to feel like there's success
stories. They feel like it's worth their
time. They feel it's a movement they
want to be part of. And then ultimately,
they can see successes in how they do
it. I love this kind of comparison to
the shift in mobile. That seems like we
all went through that, and there's all
these stories of companies requiring you
to show mobile mocks. That's like the
only way we're going to operate. Now,
everything you have to ship has to be on
mobile. And it's interesting how similar
this is to them to that experience. And
so, a few things you just shared here
just to kind of summarize some of the
things that have worked for you. Showing
wins, celebrating wins, showing people
what other folks are doing with AI
tools.
Uh creating a program that people enroll
into and make it a little bit exclusive.
Uh this performance review piece is
really interesting cuz that really will
change people's behaviors. Here's how we
get promoted. Have you actually already
made that change to the PM? Or is it I
guess it's every track, I imagine, not
just product management. Have you
already made that change or is it kind
of like a work in progress? So, there
was two aspects to it. Once once I moved
uh kind of the my team, my directs, we
did 360 for them. So, their 360 was, you
know, if if you came from PM, you had
the designers on your team rate you.
Uh so, that kind of that was that had
its own and then we shared those with
them, and that had its own kind of
motivation. But, then we broadly took it
across. So, when we hire right now, we
look for those, and then
this upcoming cycle, we do a bi-annual.
It's that's going to be part of the
performance evaluation piece, and we
announced it to everybody. And for what
it's worth, people are excited to show.
Uh and and they're excited to know how
they're going to be. It's always about
like I just
I want to know how I'm being rated or
evaluated. So, just being able to show
those examples has been a big part of
it. The other thing I would say like
it [clears throat] takes time for this
program in its formality
to roll out
uh across the entire organization. And I
was I was
you know, intentionally not trying to be
quick at rolling this out to everybody
cuz I think that's a
uh that just dilutes the value of it
really quickly. Because it's not about I
could care less about your title. I care
about how you work.
Uh so, calling your full stack builder
is not what I'm looking for. Changing
your mindset to a full stack mindset is
what I'm looking for. You thinking you
can do the whole thing. You're you're
looking at those tools and looking how
to do it. So, one of the things I've
said is like if you're looking for a
formal re- org or declaration to start
building differently,
you're waiting too long. Like like my
biggest thing is here's a permission for
me to just not wait and just go.
So, whether or not like you have the
right tools or not, go build the tool.
Like use a tool from the outside, bring
it in. Show those examples. In many
ways,
like prove that you're a full stack
builder in mindset before anything else
come to mind. And that just naturally
will happen, and that's
also where we've seen some of our best
talent just goes and leans a lot into.
I love that. Uh I was going to actually
mention that quote. So, when you shared
you uh work with told me exactly that
quote you just shared. So, I'm glad you
brought it up of just if you're waiting
for a re-org,
you're not thinking about it the right
way.
How do you encourage people to actually
play with these tools on their own? Are
you just like go take few days to play
with AI? Is it just try it? Or is is
there's anything formal you've seen of
just like getting people to more try
this on their own without joining this
program? A lot of the tools we've made,
we've been sharing them regularly. We've
done all like a few of my all hands have
been all about how to use those tools.
But, then at the same time, we're kind
of inviting,
"Have you found a new tool that works
really well for you? Like share it, show
it." Again, it could be Slack, could be
messages,
Teams, and so on and how you do it. But,
like the idea is really to start getting
that investment in how things work.
Actually, I think in general,
you can feel overwhelmed by tools right
now, by recipes and how to do things.
Like, you know, what's what's your
prompt and what's my prompt. But, really
it's finding something that kind of
works really well that you can grab with
it around and kind of really invest in.
That's been those areas. But, I think we
we've had this invitation to go and
explore and and go and bring in stuff
that you think are great. And
in many ways, like
you know, bring others along in the
journey. It's it's one of one good way
to kind of make the influence much
bigger than a few folks who are doing
really well with this.
Are there any surprises on the negative
side that have come out of this of uh
PRDs just feeling like AI-driven, people
slowing down unexpectedly? Is there
anything that surprised you of just
like, "Okay, this is actually not
>> we mentioned a few of them. Like we I
was hoping for some tools to work off
the shelf really well.
Was never the case.
So, we had to invest quite a lot.
>> Never the case. We had to invest quite a
lot. And again, part of it is we just
have a lot of legacy
information and code base and knowledge
and designs and so on. So, if you know,
a lot of the companies we work with are
seeing this as a great growth
opportunity for them as well to invest.
But, I do think it's
it's a big area of investment as well.
We talked about not just giving access
to all of our context, which we started
with. And like we were like, "Oh, here's
access to all the drive, all the
information."
Failed miserably and hallucinates like
crazy.
People gravitating toward different
tools. Like our goal was to converge on
tools.
But, that was pretty hard.
And then I think in terms of
um
in terms of quality, we've just seen
better quality. But, I think it's
because again, where we are in the
stage, it's still the early adopters.
And
they're doing a few iterations
in terms of how to do it.
But, I would say like the tooling
adoption is hard.
Uh and then I think for some people this
is important for me to kind of state.
Some people do not want to be full stack
builders.
And that's completely okay. Some people
see themself in specialization, and I
think specialization
has a place and a role.
So, I don't I didn't want to make the
message to be across the organization
expect everybody to be a full stack
builder. I do not. I think there are
system builders that empower our full
stack builders and then you have people
who are specialized.
But, I don't think we need as many
specialized people as we did in the
past.
I didn't actually realize this until
just now. So, this is Is this like their
title now instead of product manager
engineer their full stack builder?
We have a full stack builder title
formally inside the organization and we
are gradually putting people in that
bucket. So, there's a whole career
ladder that's forming. There's a whole
Okay, that's a That's a bigger deal than
I even thought. So, where are you
finding these folks mostly coming from?
Like product engineering design, I
imagine it's a mix but just is there a
kind of most common trend? It's a mix.
We I would kind of people listening I
would just think about like just go over
your org
and imagine who can do it.
Uh who can right now flex across those
functions whatever is
engineering, design, uh product, even
BD.
And what you'll find is there's already
quite a few
that can flex across. Interesting. Uh
are there any functions you think are
specially successful at this not to play
any favorites but I don't know are you
finding like okay
or you can also not uh highlight any
specific. I I think it's like I think
it's a mental model of how you do it. I
think you know if I were to play like
what's the hardest craft to potentially
learn
I think design has a lot more work to
get the design agents to be really
really good.
So, I think designers have a little bit
of a leg up in terms of others learning
their craft and then the
vice vice versa.
But, I honestly think it's a mindset.
I've seen I've seen designers code. I've
seen PMs kind of design and do well and
this is why I think like when you kind
of step back and you think about people
in the organization and who can flex
I think you'll see them show up in many
areas and I think you'll find there is
they have the agency.
They're leaning into new things. They
have the fluency. Like they're already
building
uh new experiences and they have that
growth mindset that they just want to
get better. So, they're it doesn't
matter what they learn at school or
what's their
what label somebody put on them when
they joined the company. What I love
about a lot of this is this is it's the
easiest time to transition between
different product roles than it's ever
been. Designs moving to PM and or just
moving to this new role. It's like it
makes it so much easier to Like you said
that researcher became a growth PM. And
this is probably my biggest advice /
motivation I give to the team because
what I tell them is ultimately you know
this is for me as well. Like I think
about it the same way.
It's the It's the the incentives for you
are so aligned with the organization of
what we're asking for, right? Because
this is we we need you to change. We
want to be a more agile
adaptive resilient organization that can
deal with the pace of change but you
want as well for your own career.
You want to be at the cutting edge of
how you build.
So, the incentives are really aligned
between what you need for your own
career and what the organization needs
you to to do. So, there's that that
permission to go and do it for me is
uh ideally kind of a tailwind uh in what
they want to do more than anything else.
Maybe a last question
for people that are inspired and like
okay, this is what we need to be doing.
Any just tips for someone starting down
this road to
be successful at trying something like
this at their company? I would say like
I would start with the I would start
with the notion of like how do you want
to bring like this is structure. I would
think about the
the platform you need to build, the
tools you want to bring and then I would
spend a lot of time on the culture.
Platform and tools I think would be
again a prerequisite but not sufficient
and the culture aspect is really
important.
I would think a lot about how you bring
people along. So, for exa- for one of
the learnings we had that probably would
do differently right now if I were to
redo this program was
for a while I was working very closely
with my core team on it, the core kind
of full stack building team that were in
charge of building all this material but
the organization was always asking
questions what's going on? Who's doing
it? What are the tools?
And in in retrospect we could have done
a lot more in the flow to just show them
and get them
uh to already use early tools or be
aware of it versus doing a small team on
the side. So, it's okay to start with a
small team. I think it's really
important but at the same time just
making sure there's like visibility
across the whole thing is really
powerful.
Being patient and being willing to
invest. I always give this example of
like you know we always give this
example like oh look at this startup.
They built this in a week. Yes, you can
build our startup in a week right now if
you start from scratch. It's actually
not hard.
But when you are trying to transform a
large organization
you want to have this impatient about
the goal and you have to have a high
ambition
but being very thoughtful and patient
about how you bring it to life and the
key things you have to invest in.
If you don't invest in your platform, I
just don't see how this could be a
successful outcome.
Uh if you don't invest in customizing
the tools for you, then you're just
going to get vanilla generic
agents from the outside. So, being aware
of the investment and making sure you
actually allocate resource to it. This
is kind of the classic
uh be willing to invest up front so you
can reap the benefit after
versus saying hey, you know
uh why am I not seeing us moving into 2x
the productivity in a week? That's not
going to be this way. You can see it
with some people
uh but starting to collect those
examples and starting to really think
about the transformation is really key.
This is so incredibly cool. I know that
a lot of CPOs and heads of product and
all kinds of leaders are reaching out to
you trying to figure out what you
learned how to do this. So, I love that
we went deep on all these things.
Just final question, is there anything
else that we haven't shared that you
think might be helpful for listeners to
hear or maybe just to double down on
before we get to our very exciting
lightning round?
Whether you're in an organization,
you're waiting for your leader to roll
this out or you're a leader trying to
roll this out, I would not wait.
Like the [snorts] the first thing I've
done which I thought in retrospect was
really helpful is I did not I did
announce this up front we are going to
this mode.
Like we're starting in pockets. We're
starting in pods. We're building the
tools but we're going to This is this is
the mountain we're going to go after and
in many ways
uh we're going to make it great. I also
announced that this is not just an end
state. It's a kind of continuous
progress. There's no
state we're going to get to as much as
continuously just trying to be better.
And in many ways to compete you just
want to be better than others in how you
build
uh because the the for the version of
building will completely transform
itself every few years or so.
So, do not wait. Really focus on the
progress you're making.
Over communicate with your team not just
the vision but also the progress you're
making almost like holding yourself
responsible.
If you're a leader give yourself KPIs
you share with your own teams or OKRs.
And if you're in some organization and I
would say whether or a lot or not your
CPO or your CEO is announcing this type
of program
go do it or join an organization that
does it. So, you can be at the cutting
edge of of how you build in the future.
Telmer, with that we reached our very
exciting lightning round. I've got five
questions for you. Are you ready? I'm
ready.
First question, what are two or three
books you find yourself recommending
most to other people? I love to give
trios of books that I really like. So,
my current trio
is um they're very diverse in topics.
So, apologies if it's not falling all
into tech. But the first one is called
Why Nations Fail.
Uh it's a book I read uh a decade ago
even more
and the authors of it just won the Nobel
Prize last year and it basically talks
about why does some nations succeed and
some fail.
And it's not the usual explanations we
go for which is
oh, it's culture. It's natural
resources. It's the
uh it's the kind of religion. This is
kind of you know it's a lot of those
kind of tends to be the kind of
immediate
excuses people have. It kind of falls
into two camps.
Are they extractive or inclusive
institutions?
Can people participate broadly and
opportunities shared or
they are institutions that basically are
supposed to be attracting from many and
give to some.
So, it's just an incredible way to just
think about how you build
a nation and for us at LinkedIn we think
a lot about the idea of opportunity. So,
how you build a product as well.
Uh and it's just a good way to kind of
move away from easy explanations into
like what really makes a country really
successful.
uh as well. Second book
it's called Outlive.
Uh it's really about kind of the idea
It's kind of like you know the author
Peter Attia talks about the idea of
medicine 3.0
which is really uh the notion of like
building personalized medicine which I
think in the world of AI will become
incredible in the future.
But it's all those It's called as
categories that you should think about
for your life so you can just
optimize your health as much as possible
and goes for everything through
you know fitness to diet to kind of the
biggest health factors you should think
about but it's a
it's a great long book. And then lastly
>> on my bookshelf behind me.
Here you go. It's up top. You can't
actually see it I think.
And then lastly uh
it's a book that also came out many
years ago but it's called The Beginning
of Infinity
uh which I really like by um
uh Deutsch and it's it's uh it's wasn't
an easy read for easy read for me but
I I love the idea in fact especially in
products I love the idea of cause and
effect. Like really finding great
explanations for how things happen and
then building on top of that
uh your next uh iterations and this book
really pushes on the idea of
explanations that only once we have a
clear understanding of why things happen
then we can have breakthroughs on top of
that. But until we get to a point of
clear scientific breakthroughs we are
not going to make significant progress
but when you do that
it's really almost like infinite
progress you can make on top of that.
Naval's always talking about that last
book. I think I bought it and I just it
was it was it was a hard read.
>> read, at least for me. It wasn't an easy
read, but it's a very powerful read.
Awesome.
Is there a favorite recent movie or TV
show you really enjoyed? Can I do a
podcast? Absolutely.
Uh so there's a podcast in it's in
Hebrew. Uh it's called One Song.
And it takes a song that, you know,
generally is ideally popular and then
goes really deep on the origin and the
history of the song.
And I love it.
Uh it's just I love music and just
dissects
songs so well. Uh it does a great job
also in kind of bring to life the story
behind it. Uh so for me it just goes
back to like you thought the song was
about something, but then it goes really
deep into the actors behind the song and
sometimes it's the words chosen or it's
the
uh how the lyrics match the the music
itself and I just really enjoy that one.
There's a podcast podcast called Song
Exploder, I believe, that is a similar
concept that's not in Hebrew. In English
that I'll point people to. If you love
that one. It's awesome. Is there a
product you've recently discovered that
you really love? Could be an app, could
be some clothing, could be a kitchen
gadget, tech gadget.
Uh can it can it be an app can be a
product I want to have that I think is
actually really easy to do?
>> that. This is a product thinking 101 and
just the vision of what you want to see.
So in my car right now there's Alexa
built in, which is great cuz the kids
can ask for songs all day long and it
it's it's a it's a whole show inside of
the car.
But one of my favorite things to do when
I this has been doing I've been doing it
for uh well over 2 years is I go in and
I go into voice mode.
On ChatGPT? Yeah, ChatGPT and then we
just have a conversation and that's just
friction.
I would love to have on my steering
wheel a button that invokes my AI friend
that can sit next to me in the passenger
seat.
And I you know, I just think that would
be such a I actually think it will
transform
uh rides for people. Just that movement
that's just like elimination of friction
will transform the experience for me.
On that note, I recently discovered
Teslas actually do this now. If you hold
the right wheel, Grok appears and you
can talk to Grok.
Huh.
So it's here. The AI has arrived. Yeah,
I just like did it by accident and then
it's okay, cool. So for me it's here
uh if anybody from Rivian is listening,
please uh bring it to the car. Rivian's
falling behind.
Uh yeah, and it's I like and you have to
use Grok. It'd be cool if you could
switch to different uh
AIs. Just uh cuz it's it has like a
personality. Like I don't just give me
information. I don't need you to laugh
and give me
>> Did you did you need to uh spend some
time with it before or did it have any
memory from Did you bring any memory
into it? There's a a logged out version
and then you can just log in and it
connects to your account. Yeah, it's
extremely cool. No one's talking about
it. It's crazy cuz I don't know if they
launched it fully, but it just appeared.
>> Do you talk in the car a lot to it?
I I don't use it that much to be honest,
but I like I should. My wife just
doesn't love Grok. I think the brand of
Grok is like a specific brand. And so
she's she's like, "Don't talk to Grok in
here with me." I I I love voice mode, so
I use it all the time. Yeah, I love
voice mode, too. It just interrupts too
often. That's the issue there, right?
It's just
>> by the way you can set it up. You can
basically say like, "Hey, just yeah,
like let me finish."
>> [clears throat]
>> I'm learning so much. Okay, two more
questions. Do you have a life motto that
you often find useful in work or in
life?
I think last time I talked about it that
I mostly associated here with I might be
wrong, but I'm not confused, although I
don't say it as much anymore, but
I think the one I love, you know, growth
mindset is like a second religion for us
at home. And one thing I love about
there's like a phrase there that is
becoming is better than being,
which I think ties into the FSB mode a
little bit, which is you're always in,
you know, progress mode, iteration mode.
It's not about getting reaching a state,
it's about
the journey, the process. That's what
you should fall in love with. It's about
continuously
growing and evolving without
the negativity of it or there's no sense
of FOMO there. It's just this continuous
thing. If I look back a year from now
and I look back, how much did I grow?
Like how much do I know? What skills did
I gain? Like
uh where did I become better? Like how
do I how much
like how do I feel like you know,
version Tomer version 2026 versus 2025?
What's the delta there? And I kind of
love that as a as a way of thinking.
A great segue to our final question. By
the time this episode comes out uh it
won't be a secret that you're leaving
LinkedIn after 14 years, a legendary
run. You joined way before the
acquisition, you helped them integrate,
you just like the way LinkedIn was
perceived
14 years ago is so radically different
from the way it is today. Like it's
actually really fun and interesting to
be there versus uh how people uh long
for a long time felt about LinkedIn. So
uh I guess the question is just how you
feeling and what's next? What I imagine
you're going to get a lot of calls from
a lot of people.
But what are you planning?
Yeah, so I feel I feel proud.
Um it's been an incredible
ride at LinkedIn. I've, you know, the
way I've got to know about LinkedIn
deeply the first time was when I moved
to the Valley and
I, you know, went to a lecture at
Stanford about social networks in 2008
and
uh and Reed was there and he talked
about the power of being a professional
communities online and
I was very nerdy about it and thought it
was incredible vision. Had no plans to
join and actually started my own company
after, but as luck would have it, found
myself
joining a few years after and just
thought the mission was incredible. So
in many ways it aligned with my purpose
and
and just was an incredible uh ride to be
here. And I also feel very grateful.
I shared this with the company recently.
I was starting to take learnings from my
experiences here.
Uh a lot of it from were from tough
situations. We had a lot of, you know,
tough situations at LinkedIn and, you
know, hard calls and late nights, but
you learn so much from those and
I'm just incredibly grateful and I'm
excited. I'm excited. I love I have a
bias for change. I have a bias for
kind of positioning myself in a in a
place where I can learn the most and and
learn a lot and it's
it's incredible it's an incredible time
to build. So I'm just excited to be uh
thinking of new problem sets and new
areas where I can
go deep on and invest in the the next
decade in.
I think it's going to take a long time
for you to not feel like you're working
at LinkedIn and to like forget about all
the things that you have been worrying
about for so many years.
You know, after you build uh something
for such a long time and I think you and
I talked about it at one point that like
I think
uh one of the best traits for a builder
is to become very passionate
with what they're building.
Really care.
Not not about the job. It's really care
about the product. When you feel the
pain when somebody complains and
and you kind of have this continuous
discontent and it's like for me it's the
notion of like, you know, raising a
baby.
So yeah, it's hard it would be hard.
Uh I will always think of LinkedIn as as
one of the babies I helped grow. Well,
I'm excited to have you back someday
when you figure out what you want to do
next or and or start whatever you're
doing. Uh I love that this was an excuse
to get to know you. Tomer, thank you so
much for being here. It was great to be
here. Thanks, Lenny. Bye, everyone.
Thank you so much for listening. If you
found this valuable, you can subscribe
to the show on Apple Podcasts, Spotify,
or your favorite podcast app.
Also, please consider giving us a rating
or leaving a review as that really helps
other listeners find the podcast. You
can find all past episodes or learn more
about the show at lennyspodcast.com.
See you in the next episode.